Tung Tran lab 01
Problem 1 answers: To remind yourself where you currently are.
Problem 2 answers: commandname cd WesternForest
Problem 3 answers: You go back home!
Problem 4 answers: a.commandname less HurryingStudent
b.You speak to a hurrying student. The student runs into 
you and falls to the ground. The student quickly gets 
up and apologizes to you, asking if you are okay. You 
are sturdier than you look and you're undamaged. I'm so 
sorry, I was in such a hurry that I didn't see you 
there... Say, I haven't seen you here before. You're 
new here aren't-cha?" the student winks at you, "Don't 
worry, there's tons of newbies around today, why don't 
you try checking out one of the free intro lessons? I'd 
show you where to go, but I gotta run to class. Just 
head into the Lessons hall and someone should help you 
out. See you around." The student runs past you. You 
notice that the student is pretty cute, and probably 
around your age. Unfortunately, the student disappears 
around a corner before you can ask for a name. 
Problem 5 answers: a.Spell "mv"
b.it moves things in the world
Problem 6 answers: commandname PracticeDummy1
commandname PracticeDummy2
Problem 7 answers: commandname ls Box
Problem 8 answers: commandname mv Boulder SmallHole
commandname cd Tunnel
Problem 9 answers: A list with its last item popped out
Problem 10 answers: append takes the parameters in as elements of the list, while extend takes lists in as the parameters and merge their elements with the original list
Problem 11 answers: TypeError: find() takes at least 1 argument (0 given)
Problem 12 answers: isalpha checks whether the string has only characters in the alphabet; and isdigit checks whether the string has only characters that are digit
Problem 13 answers: if del is not specified, there's nothing deleted; and if specified, del will delete that variable
Problem 14 answers: keys
Problem 15 answers: values
Problem 16 answers: No
Problem 17 answers: Row
Problem 18 answers: Rows

Password: IHTFP
